[theme music]
RECRUITING SERVANTS FOR SONGRIM
That isn't a letter though.
What is a letter?
As long as it reveals your heart,
then it's a letter.
[pensive music playing]
[sighs]
You must have felt sorry for me
taking that exam.
You were once an incredibly
powerful mage so…
of course, I did feel sorry for you.
I suppose I thought you something
about loyalty.
Seeing how far my master would go,
I did think that I should be doing
my very best as your pupil.
You must have felt pressured.
No, I didn't really, for I was conflicted.
If I should answer this letter
as your young master
or if I should answer as your pupil.
Or just answer based on what I read.
Well, what did you read?
Should I answer
based on that, you think, also?
Also? What?
It's written right here.
"This is how far I will go
just to able to see you."
"I'll do absolutely anything
if I can just see you."
And this is my answer to that.
["Breath" by Kim Na Young playing]
I missed you too. A lot.
That's my response.
["Breath" continues playing]
[deep inhale]
Pretend you didn't read it.
I'll pretend I never sent it.
Does something like that…
just disappear when it's burned?
It's disappearing now.
Once it's all burned to ash,
there will be nothing left to see.
You burned it so there's nothing to see?
But Master…
Your pupil has managed
to read things that cannot be seen.
I told you I read Words of the Heart.
Want to see how?
When reading something that can't be seen,
you really just have to focus.
And then…
you say the name of the recipient.
Mu-deok.
[Mu-deok]
This is a clear and dangerous sign
that I am in love with this man.
I read it.
Just because it cannot be seen
doesn't mean it's not there.
[sighs]
Just like when you caught the blue mark
in my eyes back then,
you've caught me again.
Once again, you found my weakness.
If you insist on calling that a weakness,
then you've seen mine too.
I have yours, you have mine,
so let's just call it even, okay?
You're offering your weakness?
Well, thank you, I guess.
In truth, I felt uneasy
while we were apart.
After all, you'd achieved what you wanted,
and even if you betrayed me now,
I know I wouldn't be able
to do anything about it.
I regretted it, wondering
if I should have poisoned you
or blackmailed you, but…
[scoffs]
Jang Uk,
it seems that you've already taken
the poison.
[brooding music playing]
Poison?
A terrible poison
that weakens and pains you,
but you can't be free of it
because the antidote
is the person who poisons you.
So, the way that I felt missing you
was just a symptom of the poison?
Yes.
You've been struck by the poison
of an assassin.
Just think of it that way.
It's not far from the truth.
So I've been poisoned.
Well, it did seem strange…
that I miss you.
You threaten to kill me
at the drop of a hat.
You even threw an actual knife at me.
You called me incompetent
and trained me ruthlessly.
And you still have the audacity
to lie to me.
None of these things
are the things that I should miss,
but like a madman,
I can't stop thinking about them.
I miss you when I open my eyes.
I miss you every second they're open.
I miss you when they're closed
and I see you in my mind.
-Stop that.
-Why?
If you've spoiled my innocent confessions
with poison
then you should at least
have to hear about my symptoms.
I thought you were the antidote.
All I said was that I missed you
in my child-like innocence and naivety,
you cruel assassin.
And you called it poison.
From now on, I'll complain constantly
of my symptoms
because I have been poisoned.
So I have nothing to be ashamed of.
And since you said you're the antidote,
I'll just keep laying it on you.
[shaky breathing]
This young man is the nephew
of Songrim's leader,
and one day, he'll be the leader himself.
I've come in the leader's place
to offer a few words.
You are part of the Songrim family now.
Welcome.
You've all worked hard
to get through the test.
So tonight, we prepared a feast
with meat and drinks.
So relax and enjoy.
-[woman] Yes.
-[men cheer]
Yeah. Go and get yourselves a drink.
[servants laugh]
-[man 1] Follow me. This way.
-[man 2 laughs]
[man 3 chuckles] Let's go.
Young master.
You know the girl, Mu-deok,
the one who just passed the test today?
Uh, I mean, the girl
who ended up coming in last.
ONE HUNDRED TWENTY-FIVE
SONGRIM SERVANT CONTEST
[crowd cheering, whooping]
[screaming]
[epic music playing]
[crowd cheering]
Number 125, Mu-deok.
[pants]
You passed.
[relieved sigh]
Mu-deok. Yeah, very well.
She collapsed and was taken to Sejukwon.
I need to give this bag back to her.
And the entrance plaque she left with us
during the test.
But do you know
if she's still in Sejukwon perhaps?
-Oh. I can pass them on to her.
-Ah.
Excellent work today.
[maidservant Park] Hmm.
All right. Let's go.
[mysterious stinger playing]
[grunts]
[groans]
[Jang Uk pants]
Oh. Mu-deok.
[pensive music playing]
[panting]
[grunts]
[Mu-deok] The reason you get lost when
you're having too many thoughts is that
you're thinking too many things
all at once.
When that happens, focus on one thing.
[Seo Yul] Naksu. So the one thing
you were focused on is Jang Uk.
[breathes deeply]
[Dang-gu] Hmm.
Hey there, Yul.
I just happened to look
at Mu-deok's belongings,
and there's… something strange.
[Dang-gu] This is the whistle
you carried around, right?
The one you left in Danhyanggok.
[sighs]
Yeah, you're right. It's mine.
But then, why does Mu-deok
have it with her?
[pensive music playing]
Have you seen Young Master Dang-gu?
Apparently, he has my bag
and my Spirit Plaque with him.
He had given them to me earlier.
Ah.
May I?
Did you find this
where I left it back in Danhyanggok?
Uh… yes.
I… I did that because…
Because you're in love with me?
[soft music playing]
You said you loved me.
So I guess I see why you'd do that.
Just give me my things.
You can keep the whistle.
I told Dang-gu
that I actually had given it to you.
It'd be odd to take it back.
Why are you giving it to me?
It's not like you really believe
that I'm in love with you.
Then why don't you make me believe it?
[sighs] You know, up until just now,
I was only teasing them.
But Mu-deok really does have feelings
for Yul.
And seeing how Yul gave that to Mu-deok,
he must not be so indifferent
to her either, huh?
I'm sure she just wanted a flute
and asked him for it.
She's always been good at flattery,
buttering people up
if she wants something.
[Dang-gu sighs]
I'm telling you, Yul was the first one
who knew she was taking the test.
He even solved all the test questions
for her.
Well, she just really wanted to get in.
You know?
So she just asked Yul in advance.
She'll do anything to get what she wants.
No, I don't think so.
I saw it. Those two being affectionate.
-Hmm…
-[stutters]
Affectionate?
[snickers]
[Dang-gu] Mu-deok and Yul met up outside,
just the two of them.
And you…
didn't know because you were stuck
in the Training Center.
Oh, dear.
[Dang-gu tuts, chuckles]
I… I didn't know.
[pensive music playing]
What if it's really true?
I missed you too. A lot.
That's my response.
[pensive music continues playing]
Oh.
She rejected my reply
because it was wrong.
It wasn't, "I missed you, too."
[intense stinger plays]
Because she didn't miss me.
[sighs]
[chuckles]
I think…
I'd rather just take
actual poison and die.
[scoffs]
[sighs]
Oh.
Ugh, how embarrassing.
[groans]
[gentle music playing]
I do love you.
I can confidently tell you that I love you
a thousand times over.
[sighs]
Not that I know much at all,
but I think that
if you really love somebody,
you don't need to say it a thousand times.
In fact, saying it even once
would be difficult.
[sighs]
Actually, you know, that whistle…
it belongs to a friend
I was never able to say those words to.
["Just Watching You"
by Jeong Se-woon playing]
I really liked her.
I really wanted to tell her those words.
[young Naksu] I'd like to try it too.
Let me try it.
["Just Watching You" continues playing]
[inhales sharply]
[sighs]
Since you're back in Songrim,
I imagine we'll run into each other.
You can come and find me
if you're ever in trouble.
Thank you, young master.
[breathes deeply]
[wind blowing]
[Heo Yeom exclaims softly]
So Uk managed to read
the Words of the Heart.
[chuckles]
You helped him, didn't you?
I came here to let you know
in case you were wondering. [chuckles]
Tell Jin he needs to hand over
the Words of the Heart back to Jinyowon.
Oh, it's a bone.
[chuckles]
Why is that?
Uk was upset that the book was being
handed around for mages to read.
Now that I think of it, I believe
Master Seo Gyeong would feel the same way.
It seems you are quite fond of Uk, Master.
[chuckles]
Hmm. He is exceptional.
So I ought to keep an eye on him.
He's a very bright boy,
but Jin is always trying to keep him
locked up away from the world.
[tense music playing]
[Jin] Is the ice stone…
perhaps still somewhere in Songrim?
And what makes you think so?
Twenty years ago,
Gwanju Jang Gang
performed the alchemy of souls.
And through that spell,
a child was born who should not have been.
And then, the King's Star shone
in the night sky.
And you know that child is Jang Uk?
[Jin] Yes.
A mage of Songrim brought the ice stone
back out into the world
and using it,
finally had the son of a king.
What's more, Jin Mu of Cheonbugwan
knows this as well.
If the ice stone
has fallen into their hands,
what reason can Songrim use…
to take the stone from them?
[clicks tongue]
Since Jin has to protect Songrim,
he has no choice but to lock Uk away.
Why is that?
Is there something else going on
that I'm not aware of?
[ominous music playing]
-[Master Lee] You.
-[gasps]
Why would anyone tell you anything
when you're so clumsy and careless?
-You… This is… Ugh!
-[Heo Yeom huffs]
Will it come out if I wash it out?
How…
Oh. He is…
angrier than when I told him
I was going to quit chaste training.
Wait.
That's the scarf Maidservant Kim gave him.
Oh.
[playful music playing]
[man whispering]
I told you I can't.
[man grunting]
[woman] Let's hurry. We must finish
cleaning before the mages begin their day.
[servants] Yes, ma'am.
[thrilling music playing]
[Mu-deok] Where's my young master?
-He didn't come with you?
-[Dang-gu] Oh.
I tried to wake him
but he said he couldn't sleep last night.
He won't get up.
You mean, he's still in bed?
On his first day?
Hmm.
-Hey. See you later.
-[gasps]
Uh…
[scoffs]
[sighs]
Young master.
You have to get up.
Young master!
Move it.
If you don't, I'll hit you, okay?
Come on, wake up.
[sighs]
Stop bothering me.
I'm going to keep sleeping.
Are you out of your damn mind?
You wanna die?
Yes. I'm actually crazy. I want to die.
What? What's wrong with you?
It's just another symptom. I was poisoned.
[sighs]
Jang Uk. Why are you being so stubborn?
I am your antidote.
Yeah?
[in sing-song tone]
Your cure.
[playful music playing]
[sighs]
I'm sorry.
[quirky music playing]
[Jang Uk sighs]
[deep sigh]
[Beom clears throat]
Uk.
You read Words of the Heart? Impressive.
It was nothing.
I see you're reading about Hyeongong.
I mastered that sword skill
when I was little.
How about this? If you teach me
how to read Words of the Heart,
I'll teach you Hyeongong in return.
Well, maybe.
[quirky music playing]
[whispering]
Yes. Yes, I will.
Listen. I am a bit too tired.
Why don't you ask Master Lee
how to read Words of the Heart.
[Mu-deok groans]
[quirky music continues playing]
Jang Uk.
I also mastered Ryusu
around the same time you did.
Would you be interested
in sparring with me once?
I can lend you a very precious
sapphire mat that I use whenever I train.
If you train with that,
it doubles your energy.
A sapphire mat?
Those are very hard to come by, right?
Mm-hmm.
Young master, isn't that so wonderful?
[quirky music continues playing]
But they're really cold, aren't they?
I tend to get cold easily these days.
So I probably
do not need anything like that.
[Jang Uk] Hmm.
What are you doing?
Oh, I haven't been sleeping well.
I'm taking a nap.
You had a great opportunity
to learn Hyeongong and you missed it.
Are you crazy?
And yesterday, do you have any idea
how valuable a sapphire mat is?
Even if you freeze to death,
you ought to train on that mat.
Unbelievable. "You're crazy." "Just die."
You can't stop talking to me like that?
[quirky music playing]
Forget it. Just give me that.
[Jang Uk] What are you doing?
You wanna nap together? We won't fit.
If you want to nap,
you'll have to throw me off.
Please move.
Throw me off, then.
Why would I throw you
when there's a better way?
[gasps] Damn it.
I swear…
[Jang Uk sighs]
You…
Uh…
I told a girl I missed her,
but she said I was poisoned, so I need
to rest to recover from the shock,
so stop pressuring me
and let me be alone for a while.
I know you just wanna see me frustrated
while you make me wait.
Like I said before,
if I die, we die together.
Look, if I'm in agony,
you should at least be irritated.
I have convulsions
in my sleep lately, you know.
[sighs]
How long will this be, then?
Who knows?
Why? You're frustrated?
[chuckles]
That will help me sleep well.
[puffs, breathes deeply]
Young Master Jang
is doing nothing but sleeping all day.
Even if you have to beat him,
make him train.
The mages of Jeongjingak train
on their own accord.
[Sang-ho] How fast you master your energy
depends on your effort.
As long as he follows protocols,
I won't interfere.
I see, but--
Don't worry about him.
He's right over there.
[Jang Uk] Oh.
Uh, I have a terrible headache.
I'm going to head home
and come back later
after a bath and some rest.
[Mu-deok scoffs]
Why does your head hurt
when you haven't done anything?
And you can't just go home
whenever you please.
That's totally against the rules.
Isn't it?
Uk's an exception.
The leader has given him permission.
Wait. Why only him?
Maybe you're too busy
having fun outside to know about this,
but I made an agreement with the leader
when I was locked in here.
Sir, I shall be back.
[quirky music playing]
I should probably be going with him.
If you leave, you'll be fired on the spot.
You fought hard for this job.
Do you not worry about losing it?
Shh…
Jang Uk has returned to his home.
Are you sure it's okay to let him go?
We'll let him continue doing
whatever he wants to.
Let him stay lazy.
[female mage] My lord.
[footsteps approaching]
Lady Jin of Jinyowon requested
that you wait a little longer.
Is she with another visitor perhaps?
[mysterious music playing]
On our way in, I saw a servant
from Cheonbugwan.
Do you think
Assistant Gwanju Jin Mu is here?
They're not close enough
to visit each other like this.
But just in case,
go and see if someone leaves.
If that's Master Lee's wish,
we'll store the Words of the Heart
safely in Jinyowon.
Were you meeting with someone before me?
A distant relative of mine.
Has Young Lady Cho-yeon
been chosen as heir of Jinyowon?
No. Not just yet…
since my eldest daughter
might still be alive.
I can't believe that she's been gone
for ten years.
Although she couldn't see,
she could feel energy
and control relics like no other.
A very smart girl.
Unlike other children,
she was carried for 13 months.
She was quite special.
She was born on the very day
that Jang Gang
picked as blessed
from his reading of the sky.
[ominous music playing]
She was born on the exact day
that Jang Gang picked for you?
Is it possible
to choose the date and time
when a child will be born?
It just happened to match.
I would like to invite Master Lee
to Jinyowon someday.
Please let him know that.
Yes.
[ominous music continues playing]
[Ho-gyeong] I've born this child
for 13 months.
I cannot say goodbye like this.
I heard that the ice stone,
that it has the power
to bring back dead souls.
[Ho-gyeong breathes shakily]
[sobbing]
Gwanju, please.
Please help me, sir.
[melancholic music playing]
[Ho-gyeong] I went to the ends
of the earth not to lose this child.
[somber music playing]
I will find you.
No matter what things I have to do…
-Did you find out who came here before us?
-Yes.
[Sang-ho] As we suspected,
it was Assistant Gwanju Jin Mu.
[Jin] Since when
did the leader of Jinyowon
acknowledge him as family,
let alone meet with him like this?
He left quietly
through the back gate, sir.
They must have a secret deal
they don't want me to know about.
I wonder what that traitorous, Jin Mu,
could be using as bait
to get inside Jinyowon.
[ominous music playing]
[Yeom-su] None of you are able to see,
so you can find out where you are.
If you do as you're told
and stay completely silent,
you'll be spared and released.
Do not make a sound.
Stand up.
[shaky breathing]
[Yeom-su] Sit down.
Leave that one here.
The other ones can go.
[So-i] They're looking for the girl
in that portrait.
She must be blind.
He said the others could leave,
but why is there no movement?
[breathes deeply]
[exclaims]
[gasps]
[suspenseful music playing]
So you can actually see.
Well, that's a pity. I almost thought
I'd found a suitable girl.
Kill her.
No, wait. I can do it.
I can be that girl.
The one in the portrait.
Please just let me live.
Didn't you say I was suitable?
If what you really need
is a blind girl, then…
from this point on,
I will forever be blind.
[mysterious music playing]
[shaky breathing]
You're really something. Stand up.
[So-i breathing shakily]
You think you can pretend to be blind?
I really am blind, sir.
Then let me see how convincing you can be.
[foreboding music playing]
[glass shattering]
[energy whooshes]
[glass clinks]
[glass clinking]
[Jin Mu]
Seems I really have found a suitable girl.
[sword clinks]
[sword rasps]
[thrilling music playing]
You will do.
From now on, you'll live as Jin Bu-yeon,
the lost daughter of Jinyowon.
Yes.
Yes, I am Jin Bu-yeon.
[Mu-deok] Jang Uk has stopped again.
What cliff do I have to push him off
of this time?
[Go Won] You are working hard,
thanks to me.
Yes.
Thanks to you, I'm going to have
to sweep this yard all over again.
[Go Won] You're complaining?
I'll have you dismissed.
You cheated your way in.
If I open my mouth,
you'll be fired immediately.
Forgive me, Your Highness.
It would be my honor
just to sweep up after you,
so please, continue on your way,
Your Highness.
What you should be honored to receive…
is the answer sheet I gave you,
not these little leaves.
Ah.
I see, Your Highness.
You weren't being crossed.
You just wanted to take credit.
Goodness, I was too slow to notice.
I'm so grateful, Your Highness.
As you should be.
You know, I solved those questions myself.
I bet you don't even know
how to get rid of ink stains?
You mean, you solved that question
yourself, Your Highness?
Yeah. I am the Crown Prince,
but I still learned that rice paste
gets rid of ink stains.
I even tried it myself,
and it actually worked.
It's just unbelievable, huh.
-Goodness. I am forever indebted to you.
-[Go Won clears throat]
[clicks tongue]
Well then,
are you happy to be with your master?
I heard he read the Words of the Heart.
Yes.
And he was able to read it in less time
than any other mage in Jeongjingak.
I don't doubt it with his skills.
He probably got lucky again
like last time.
Your Royal Highness,
he did beat you in a duel once.
[scoffs]
I know the extent of Jang Uk's skills
very well.
He has bad swordsmanship and weak spells.
He got lucky and beat me by using Tansu.
It was not because he was skilled.
[Mu-deok] He knows him very well.
Well, that's why he came to Jeongjingak.
To work on his skills.
To be honest, he doesn't even have
what it takes to enter Jeongjingak.
If he manages to beat anyone
in sparring even once,
then I will finally acknowledge him.
[Mu-deok] Right. Using the Crown Prince
isn't a bad idea.
Sire.
I have an idea.
Why don't you and I bet on this?
A bet?
What could I gain
from betting with a servant?
I'll bet you the most precious thing
that I have with me.
[Jang Uk] Or I can just choose.
I pick red. You can have blue.
[pensive music playing]
[Jang Uk] I missed you too. A lot.
That's my response.
[sighs]
-Young master.
-Oh.
[maid Kim]
I brought the honey biscuits you like.
You'll be staying for dinner, right?
-Actually, I'm staying a few days.
-Hmm?
-Is that allowed?
-I told you, I got permission.
I'm totally exempt.
[grunts]
As you should be.
You managed to read
the Words of the Heart in a few days.
It'd be absurd to make you follow
the same rules as ordinary mages.
-[chuckles]
-So you're satisfied? I did well?
You are really asking that?
I am positively brimming
with so much pride.
[both chuckle]
[sighs]
Maidservant Kim.
I know that I've been
a disappointment to you before,
but now, you can hold your head high.
Should I get you a nice dress
so you can show it off to everybody?
Goodness.
[chuckles]
These days, I feel warm without clothes
and I'm full without eating food.
[soft chuckle]
People come up to me.
They say, "Jang Uk's really proven
to be his father's son."
Really?
Jang Gang also used to be called a genius.
They all say you're just like him
and that you have inherited
all of his talents.
People used to say
I was nothing like him at all.
Hmm.
The more you achieve,
the less people will say things like that
about you.
And if I don't?
I guess they'll go back to saying it.
Well, I don't know what…
If they say I'm not,
tell them to say what they want.
I don't care about it anymore.
That's right. We won't let them
bother us anymore.
In truth, you are the only one
who's responsible for your achievements.
What's it got to do with your father?
To speak frankly,
what's he ever done for you?
What's more,
to be honest, well, that's all
because I raised you well.
[Jang Uk chuckles softly]
[maid Kim chuckles]
[sighs]
You know, whether you're a genius
or a complete failure,
you'll always be my young master.
Really?
Then can I just return
to living a carefree life like before?
Yes, if that is what you really want.
But I thought you actually hated
living like that.
Compared to when you used
to live that way at home,
I got the sense that you became
so much happier…
after training at Danhyanggok.
That's why I couldn't stop you
even though it was dangerous.
You see,
I want you to be able to achieve it all.
Everything you would like to achieve.
All right.
Hmm.
I should go back now.
[stammers]
You are leaving?
Yes. If you'd forced me to leave,
I would have refused to go.
But after that speech, I knew I should go.
Do whatever I can, huh?
To make you even more proud.
Oh. What about your headache?
Is it any better now?
Mm-hm.
I guess that the carrot-and-stick approach
can work as well on humans
as it does on horses.
And, well, recently, I got hit
with a very hefty stick.
What? Who had the audacity
to hit my young master?
Don't worry.
I'm not going to take it lying down.
Just pack some snacks for me.
Honey biscuits.
[indistinct chatter]
[Yeol] Jang Uk.
You're back.
Mm. Yes.
Why does it feel like
you've all been waiting for me?
Did everybody hear how delicious
the honey biscuits are?
The Training Center.
You should check it out now.
[upbeat music playing]
-You've all been waiting for me?
-[Hyo] Yes.
And I'm gonna be your very first opponent.
So get ready.
What?
I'm challenging you to spar with me.
If you refuse me, you forfeit.
Wait a minute. What are you talking about?
[Mu-deok] Here, you can use this.
[tense music playing]
Hah!
[sword rasps]
[Jang Uk grunts]
[Jang Uk grumbles]
[exhales]
[Go Won] Jang Uk has lost.
[Jang Uk exhales]
Gu Hyo is the winner here.
You may take the first toad.
What's this? What are you doing?
Well, you see, I made a bet.
But I've never made any bet with you,
Your Royal Highness.
Not with you.
I made a bet with your servant there.
[sighs]
[Go Won] I told her that you didn't have
the skills to beat any of the mages
here in a sparring match.
But she insisted that you could beat
at least one out of ten and bet on it.
Ah, Mu-deok said that?
You'll fight one match a day for ten days.
And if you fail to win a single fight,
she's agreed to give me the thing
most valuable to her.
Valuable?
You don't have anything valuable though.
It was something that you gave me.
This is what she has bet with me.
[somber music playing]
[sighs]
This jade looks valuable to me,
so I'd like to keep it around.
I've brought these gold toads as prizes
for those who win against you.
[inhales deeply]
If you are unable to win a single match
before all those toads disappear,
this will be mine.
I'm not interested
in taking a part of your bet.
It's true, you're not.
I made the bet with her.
If you give up,
you won't have won a single match,
so she'll lose.
And this will be mine.
[Mu-deok] Young master.
That is the most precious thing
I have ever owned in my life.
Please, try to win just once
and win it back for me.
[thrilling music playing]
Whoa.
I can't believe you won it.
[Hyo] Of course, I did. Uk may have
managed to read the Words of the Heart,
-but he's not much into swordfight.
-[Seo Yul] What's going on?
-[mages laughing]
-[mage 1] Tomorrow, I'll win one.
Mu-deok and the Prince
just made a bet together about Uk.
[Yeol] Hey, be careful.
The Prince is providing prizes of gold,
so everyone wants in.
[mage 1] If I will win,
I'll let you touch mine.
The strongest ones
are lining up for the fight,
they all think they'll win.
-[mages laugh]
-No, I'm gonna win one.
[exasperated sigh]
The Crown Prince was mocking
your incompetence.
And as your master,
I couldn't let that slide.
Do not lie to me.
You think I don't know you?
You thought I wouldn't realize
that you made the bet
just to force me to resume my training?
[sighs]
You're right.
But now, whether you like it or not,
you'll have to fight ten matches
against ten mages.
At your first match today,
I was extremely disappointed.
Your sword was slow
and your feet were heavy.
Tomorrow's opponent
is from the Jung family.
-So--
-I won't.
Even if you lose, you'll learn something.
I'm sure you'll pick up some skills.
-I told you I won't.
-As you fight ten mages,
you'll also be learning
ten different spells every time.
-Hey, Mu-deok--
-Young master.
If you want to go back home tomorrow,
go ahead.
But then you will never get
that jade back.
All right, fine.
I get this ridiculous bet.
But how…
how could you just bet that though?
You know how.
It was only thing I could think of
to motivate you to fight your hardest.
So this is what you meant that day
when you told me that you had my weakness?
[somber music playing]
That's right.
Even if you despise me now,
I know you could never stand to lose
what we shared with someone else.
Wow.
So this is why you said
you poisoned me, huh?
But if you get it back,
I'll give you a smile.
Like an antidote.
Jang Uk.
Please get it back for me.
Because it is the most precious thing…
that I've ever had in my life.
It's precious to you?
Not…
because it's expensive?
I'll make sure to get it back
from the Prince.
Because it'd be strange
to share it with him.
Ah.
I guess it was strange
to share it with you too.
[somber music continues playing]
[Jin Mu] I heard you've been visiting
Sejukwon often.
Is that because you wish
to take Master Heo as your master
and learn spells from him?
How silly.
You know you're my master.
[Go Won] I just go there for treatment.
Get some fresh air.
Not to mention, it's fun.
I'm sure you must enjoy spending time
with the mages of Songrim.
I do get to see my cousin Yul.
And I actually like Park Dang-gu as well.
But Jang Uk, I wanna teach him a lesson,
but it's not easy.
He was pleased with himself
after reading  Words of the Heart,
so I put him in his place today.
He lost to a mage
who only just mastered Ryusu.
So people know his true competence now.
They do not admire him anymore.
[ominous music playing]
That's a nice jade.
I got it for ten gold toads.
-Is it valuable?
-That blue jade holds yin energy.
Do you know where the other one is?
Other one?
Opposite energies only ever come in pairs.
[Jin Mu] If there's a blue jade,
there's a red to go with it.
They're only valuable
when they're together.
[Go Won] So this should be a pair?
Eunuch Oh.
What does it mean
when two people share paired tokens?
That they're married or lovers.
[quirky music playing]
[groans]
Why? Do you not like the jade,
Your Highness?
No. I don't know. It gets on my nerves.
Just go take it and throw it away, huh?
[Oh] I don't think you should do that yet,
Your Highness.
Jang Uk might still win it back.
If he does take it back,
that means it will be a pair again.
[grunts, sucks teeth]
[sighs]
Huh.
-[maid Kim] Master Lee.
-Yes!
Oh.
[maid Kim chuckles softly]
What kind of business brings you here?
[breathes deeply]
I've never felt cold
no matter what I wear.
But…
after wearing this,
I realized how cold I'd been all along.
Ah…
Wait. What is that over there?
[maid Kim] Hmm?
Huh? What… Oh, my.
[whimsical music playing]
I never really thought much
about flowers before,
and yet, when I saw these,
I wanted to show them to you.
[chuckles]
Oh, how pretty.
Are these flowers for me?
[soft chuckle]
[both laugh nervously]
These books… These books are
These… These books are very good.
-Oh.
-[Master Lee clears throat]
Ah. What a great read.
[both laugh]
[Master Lee clears throat]
Do you know…
if Maidservant Kim is unwell?
I haven't seen her.
She went to Songrim yesterday.
[man]
She often goes to see Young Master Jang.
I see.
[chuckles]
She just didn't come by to see me.
Mm.
She also has a visitor right now.
She does? Who could it be?
I'm not sure what his name is
but I can say he was a young man.
A young man you say?
I don't know of any young men who would
come to visit Maidservant Kim though.
[breathes deeply]
[tranquil music playing]
-[Jin] Oh. Maidservant Kim.
-[maid Kim] Hmm?
-[Jin chuckles]
-[maid Kim] Hmm.
[Jin pants, breathes deeply]
-Can I help you?
-[exhales]
What are those weeds there?
Can't you tell they're flowers?
-They're not weeds.
-[Jin] Maidservant Kim.
Is the reason why you stopped visiting
because of how…
-harsh I was to you that day?
-Hmm.
I came all this way
because I thought you were sick.
Though it seems that I've wasted my time.
Well then, why did you come at all?
I thought you swore
that you were never going to visit again.
I never swore anything like that.
You were the one who got angry.
-[maid Kim] Hmm.
-[Jin sucks teeth]
But still,
I'm glad that you're well.
[Jin chuckles]
If you were actually worried
that I might be sick,
you could have at least brought
a bundle of weeds.
I can get some weeds for you?
I'll go and pick some now.
Even if I don't need them.
What I really want from you isn't weeds.
I want flowers, you fool…
to show me that you
think of me like that.
Like something that is beautiful.
[pensive music playing]
My guest is still waiting,
so you should go.
Uh, Maid Kim.
Well…
the next time you come to visit Uk,
please come visit me too.
Um… wait.
[sighs]
Is she just sending me away…
because I came here empty-handed?
Well, that's just…
cold-hearted.
[breathes deeply]
[playful music playing]
[sucks teeth]
Seeing that his shoes
are quite a bit smaller than mine,
he must be shorter than I am.
[shoe scraping]
[playful music continues playing]
Do you like sweets at all?
Yes.
[whimsical music playing]
It's delicious.
Then have another.
Oh. For me.
[whimsical music continues playing]
-You like it?
-It's pretty.
-You try this one.
-Me?
[stammers]
How is it?
-Uh, over here.
-Ah.
[giggles]
[soft gasp]
Oh-oh.
[Dang-gu sighs]
[stammers]
Oh, over there.
[Dang-gu] There's a flower shop.
You said you wanted to buy some flowers.
I need to buy some flowers
to decorate Bu-yeon's room.
Ah.
After all, this might be the time
that we finally find her.
Ah.
[inaudible whisper]
Oh, really? Jin Mu will?
Shh.
It's just… It's still a secret.
I really do hope
that Bu-yeon finally comes back.
But then,
doesn't that mean that you won't become
the next leader of Jinyowon?
Instead, I'll be free to marry who I want.
I'll be allowed to marry
the man who I love the most.
[chuckles]
Good to know.
Then we should hurry up
and break off our fake engagement.
Thank you for pretending with me.
It must have been hard.
[sighs]
I've never pretended.
[tranquil music playing]
My feelings…
were always sincere for you.
[Cho-yeon] But you're the heir to Songrim.
How could you think of marrying me
when you'd have to move in with my family?
[sighs]
I know.
I was worried for nothing.
I was even up all night
worrying that I would be…
kicked out of the family.
[gasps]
Do you mean that?
You actually would be willing to give up
being Songrim's heir to be with me?
You said you'd rather die
than have a loveless marriage.
I thought that if I married you,
then you would at least
spend your life with a man…
who loved you.
Anyway, you should find a man
that you have real feelings for.
[Dang-gu sighs]
[breathes deeply]
[sighs]
[tranquil music playing]
What if I already…
met him.
[Cho-yeon breathes deeply]
I-if you keep holding me,
then I'll never be able
to let go of you again.
-[Cho-yeon gasps]
-There's no turning back now.
Not when I'm feeling like this.
[chuckles softly]
If I'm gonna propose to you properly,
then we'll need a lot of flowers.
Let's go now.
[Jin breathes deeply]
Send these flowers to the Jang family.
Did someone in the family die recently?
[gasps]
Why are you sending white chrysanthemums?
Oh. Ah.
I almost just made a huge mistake.
[florist] Indeed.
Everything from here
to all the way over there.
Send them all.
-All these flowers, sir?
-Yes, all of them.
There must be at least one
she likes in there.
Goodness. Oh, thanks a lot. Thanks a lot.
[florist giggles]
-[Dang-gu] Which ones do you like?
-[Cho-yeon] These ones.
Why don't I just get you
all the flowers in here?
[both laugh]
[playful music playing]
[gasps]
[tense stinger plays]
The future leader of Songrim…
and the future leader of Jinyowon
are courting each other?
Why?
Will you give up your position
in order to join their family?
Please, uncle. Young Lady Jin and I
are truly in love.
Until recently, Young Lady Jin…
was in love with Uk.
[sighs] That's wrong.
She proved it to me today.
Young Lady Jin said that she'd be willing
to give up being leader
of Jinyowon for love.
They have one daughter.
Who would lead Jinyowon then?
Is the position not supposed to go
to the eldest daughter?
They'd been getting help.
Even Cheonbugwan's been helping
to find her sister.
What?
The Assistant Gwanju Jin Mu
visits them every day.
Jin Mu?
[Dang-gu breathes shakily]
You know,
I also wish I had a sibling
who could lead Songrim instead.
So, I'm asking just in case.
But uncle, please,
is there any chance that you might have
a secret child hidden somewhere?
[playful music playing]
Anyone?
Just one?
Get out.
I said, get out.
What?
-Get out!
-[yelps]
Oh, okay, but it's not too late
to have one.
-[Jin] What? Hey!
-[Dang-gu] Uh.
I mean, while you're still healthy.
Catch that bastard. Catch.
[sighs]
[groans]
Damn you.
Why do you have so many flowers in here?
I tried to cut ties with someone.
Now he wants forgiveness.
[Yun-ok] Mm.
You should forgive him.
The flowers are so pretty.
Ah.
You really have a way with words,
Lady Heo.
-[maid Kim chuckles]
-[Yun-ok] Hmm.
Young Master Jang's mother
was like that. She was also very kind.
-Young Master Jang is very kind too.
-[chokes]
Is he really?
[Yun-ok] Hmm.
But when could you have possibly witness
our Young Master Jang's kindness?
Oh.
When he talked about his mother,
I could really see the warmth…
inside his eyes.
[gasps] He…
You're telling me
he spoke to you about his mother?
-[Yun-ok] Hmm.
-[maid Kim gasps]
In that case,
you two must be extremely close.
Ah.
[chuckles]
No, I don't think we really are just yet.
He's the one who's trying to get closer
to my lady.
Last time too, he kept her occupied
for more than two whole hours.
[gasps]
He really did that?
Uh, we were really just catching up.
[chuckles, gasps]
So it really is you. The white heron.
Ah.
Young Master Jang can be blunt
'cause he's been hurt so often.
But after he opens up to you,
he's really very warm and kind.
-[Yun-ok] Hmm.
-[maid Kim] Oh.
Please visit often. Hmm?
I want you to think of this as your home.
You could fly over and visit all the time.
[chuckles]
I will.
[maid Kim sighs relievedly]
Hmm.
[Master Lee]
Jin Mu is helping Jin Ho-gyeong
to find her missing daughter?
I think he's using it as an excuse
to visit Jinyowon frequently.
It sounds like Jin Mu was trying his best
to win Jinyowon over to his side.
If Jin Mu gets his hands on Jinyowon,
together they will become powerful enough
to rival Songrim.
And if they are no longer afraid
of Songrim,
then I am sure they will reveal
the ice stone they hold.
[Master Lee] There's more.
Someone on Jin Mu's side
must have the ice stone.
The ice stone
may look like a chunk of ice,
but it also has the nature of fire,
water, and wind.
Just like the Choi mage 200 years ago,
someone is using that power
to produce the Soul Ejector.
[man] The new batch of Soul Ejectors
made by the Queen.
[Master Lee] It's not the power
of the ice stone that's evil.
It's the Soul Ejector made from it
that is used for evil deeds.
A power not granted to humans
but coveted by anyone
who could get their hands on it.
The power to leave the body
you no longer wish to live in
and move to a new one.
From an old body to a young one.
From an ugly body to a beautiful one.
The power to stop death
and live for eternity.
Ah.
What a young, healthy man.
Exactly what we're looking for.
He has already been appointed
to become my successor.
Please move me into this one.
Uh, master.
What is the new spell
that you promised to show me?
The alchemy of souls.
Alchemy of…
You see, I still have so much more
that I need to achieve.
But this body is old and sick
and nearing death.
Which is…
why I need your body.
[foreboding music playing]
[young mage] What?
[foreboding music continues playing]
Now begin… the alchemy of souls.
Master, I don't wanna switch with you.
If I enter your body,
then I'm gonna die soon, right?
But your body will still be alive.
[young mage grunting]
[grumbling]
[young mage] Please help me.
Someone, please save me.
Someone help me! Please! Anyone.
[young mage whimpering]
Master. Master.
[gasps]
[ominous music playing]
[young mage whimpers]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[coughs]
[exclaims]
[snickers]
-[gasps]
-[cackling]
[gasps]
Master…
my body.
Give it back to me.
Please save me. I don't want to die.
Master. Give me back my body.
Master! I want my body back!
[young mage] Master!
Once again, we have used
the alchemy of souls
to keep us from losing the soul
of a great mage.
[ominous music playing]
As long as
we possess the power of the ice stone,
our souls can live forever
instead of dying in these bodies.
The great power of the ice stone
is classified as sorcery,
which is why we have no choice
but to practice in secret.
But soon, the day will come to reveal
our mighty strength,
and our righteous will and build
a more powerful world together.
When it comes,
everyone of you here
will overcome death
and be granted immortality.
[scattered applause]
[laughing]
[men cackling]
[man] Unto eternity!
[cackling continues]
[all applauding]
[Jin Mu] Did you witness everything?
Yes.
Your specific role in this is
to bring a special person here.
You will win over Jin Ho-gyeong,
and you will become mother and daughter.
And then you must bring her back to me.
Can you be entrusted with this?
Yes.
[ominous music playing]
[U-tak] She is suitable indeed.
[Jin Mu] If we manage
to bring Jin Ho-gyeong here,
we'll be able to unveil the ice stone
sooner than expected.
[melancholic music playing]
[U-tak sighs]
What are you doing up so late, my love?
[sighs]
[foreboding music playing]
[Jin] Jin Mu's power
might be much stronger than we think.
The King's Star must have appeared to deal
with the chaos brought by the ice stone.
Are you speaking about Uk?
Master Seo Gyeong, who stopped the chaos
of the ice stone 200 years ago,
was also born with that star's energy.
How could you possible compare
Master Seo Gyeong
to a King's Star created through sorcery?
They're different.
I didn't say they weren't.
And that is why I'm curious.
[breathes deeply]
Will this new star
quietly fade away like this?
Or will he start to shine?
[thrilling music playing]
[grunts]
[sighs]
[referee] The winner.
-[mage 1] Wow, you were amazing.
-[mage 2] I knew you're gonna win.
He's nothing.
[thrilling music continues playing]
[grunts]
-[mage screams]
-[Jang Uk grunts]
[both grunting]
[pants]
[sighs]
-[Jang Uk grunts]
-[epic music playing]
[Jang Uk grunts]
[sword clinks]
[sword rasps]
I already know you use Tansu.
[mage] The Crown Prince didn't,
which is why it worked with him.
But the Tansu you did just now
with the water was obvious.
And it wasn't hard to block.
[tense music playing]
[screams]
[grunting]
[groans]
[pants]
[referee] The winner.
[mages cheer]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[sighs]
[thrilling music playing]
[Go Won] There are only
three gold toads remaining?
[eunuch] Yes, sire.
So that means he's been fighting
every day for the past seven days?
It also means he's been losing every day.
I assumed he would stop fighting
after he lost a few times.
[Go Won] But it seems he'll fight
to the end for this.
You were right, Your Highness.
His swordsmanship and spells are weak.
But because he's stubborn,
he'll just keep fighting
like his life depends on it.
Even though it's just sparring, he's been
fighting Jeongjingak mages every day.
He must be exhausted.
I'm certain you'll win the bet,
Your Highness.
Even I never had the opportunity
to spar with the Jeongjingak mages.
But I'm letting him do it ten times more
than I ever done
at the expense of my toads.
Did I get fooled by that Filthy Mu-deok?
[foreboding music playing]
[grunting]
[Mu-deok] Jang Uk,
fight until you're broken.
[tense music playing]
Every single agony
that does not kill you…
[Jang Uk pants]
…will make you stronger in the end.
[intense music playing]
["Scars Leave Beautiful Trace"
by Car, the garden playing]
-Jang Uk.
-You must be here for your young master.
[Seo Yul] Uk may be losing,
but he's still improving.
[Mu-deok] Don't go.
Don't go to your room and stay here.
Gosh. Your shoes are all wet, too.
You are hurt.
The capital is in an uproar right now.
[Dang-gu] But rumor has it that he was
attacked by assassins last night.
-[Jin] Do not kill him.
-Kill him.
-He's a soul shifter.
-Come out.
-[Jang Uk] I'm coming out.
-[Jin Mu] Jang Uk.
I don't think it's right to let a mage
who barged in here leave so easily.
[Seo Yul] But once they run wild,
there is no turning back.
They are no longer human but a monster.
We can also choose to protect
the monsters from this world.